search result nbHits (#225)
meilisearch/documentation: references/search.md

#### Query Parameters

> | Query Parameter           | Description                                        | Default Value |
> | ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | :-----------: |
> | **q**                     | query string _(mandatory)_                         |               |
> | **offset**                | number of documents to skip                        |       0       |
> | **limit**                 | number of documents to take                        |      20       |
> | **attributesToRetrieve**  | document attributes to show                        |      \*       |
> | **attributesToCrop**      | which attributes to crop                           |     none      |
> | **cropLength**            | limit length at which to crop specified attributes |      200      |
> | **attributesToHighlight** | which attributes to highlight                      |     none      |
> | **filters**               | adds a fitler expression  		                 |     none      |
> | **matches**               | whether to return the raw matches or not           |     false     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Query Parameter           | Description                                                                                     | Default Value |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----------: |
| **q**                     | Query string \_(mandatory)                                                                      |               |
| **offset**                | Number of documents to skip                                                                     |      `0`      |
| **limit**                 | Maximum number of documents returned                                                            |     `20`      |
| **attributesToRetrieve**  | Attributes to display in the returned documents                                                 |      `*`      |
| **attributesToCrop**      | Attributes whose values have to be cropped                                                      |    `none`     |
| **cropLength**            | Length used to crop field values                                                                |     `200`     |
| **attributesToHighlight** | Attributes whose values will contain highlighted matching terms                                 |    `none`     |
| **filters**               | Add fitler expressions                                                           |    `none`     |
| **matches**               | Defines whether an object that contains information about the matches should be returned or not |    `false`    |
```

> | Query Parameter           | Description                                        | Default Value |
> | ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | :-----------: |
> | **q**                     | query string _(mandatory)_                         |               |
> | **offset**                | number of documents to skip                        |       0       |
> | **limit**                 | number of documents to take                        |      20       |
> | **attributesToRetrieve**  | document attributes to show                        |      \*       |
> | **attributesToCrop**      | which attributes to crop                           |     none      |
> | **cropLength**            | limit length at which to crop specified attributes |      200      |
> | **attributesToHighlight** | which attributes to highlight                      |     none      |
> | **filters**               | attribute with an exact match                      |     none      |
> | **matches**               | whether to return the raw matches or not           |     false     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Query Parameter           | Description                                                                                     | Default Value |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-----------: |
| **q**                     | Query string \_(mandatory)                                                                      |               |
| **offset**                | Number of documents to skip                                                                     |      `0`      |
| **limit**                 | Maximum number of documents returned                                                            |     `20`      |
| **attributesToRetrieve**  | Attributes to display in the returned documents                                                 |      `*`      |
| **attributesToCrop**      | Attributes whose values have to be cropped                                                      |    `none`     |
| **cropLength**            | Length used to crop field values                                                                |     `200`     |
| **attributesToHighlight** | Attributes whose values will contain highlighted matching terms                                 |    `none`     |
| **filters**               |  Filter queries by an attribute value                                                            |    `none`     |
| **matches**               | Defines whether an object that contains information about the matches should be returned or not |    `false`    |
```

| **hits**                  | results of the query                               | `[result]`    |
| **offset**                | number of documents skipped                        | `number`      |
| **limit**                 | number of documents to take                        | `number`      |
| **nbHits**                | total number of matches                            | `number`      |
| **exhaustiveNbHits**      | whether `nbHits` is exhaustive                     | `boolean`     |
| **processingTimeMs**      | processing time of the query                       | `number`      |
| **query**                 | query originating the response                     | `string`      |

### Example

```bash
$ curl \
  -X GET 'http://localhost:7700/indexes/4eb345y7/search?q=american%20ninja%205'
```
#### Response: `200 Ok`

```json
{
  "hits": [
    {
      "id": "2770",
      "title": "American Pie 2",
      "poster": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w1280/q4LNgUnRfltxzp3gf1MAGiK5LhV.jpg",
      "overview": "The whole gang are back and as close as ever. They decide to
      get even closer by spending the summer together at a beach house. They
      decide to hold the biggest...", 

>       "release_date": 997405200

Reviewer 2: Nice, it was a little bit awfull :)
